ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:    compile group: 'org.apache.httpcomponents', name: 'httpclient', version:'4.3.1'
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:    compile group: 'com.google.guava', name: 'guava', version:'14.0.1'
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:    compile(group: 'com.google.javascript', name: 'closure-compiler', version:'v20130411') {
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:exclude(module: 'ant')
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:exclude(module: 'ant-launcher')
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:    compile group: 'org.apache.commons', name: 'commons-lang3', version:'3.1'
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:    compile group: 'org.apache.maven', name: 'maven-plugin-api', version:'2.0'
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:    compile group: 'commons-codec', name: 'commons-codec', version:'1.5'
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:    compile group: 'joda-time', name: 'joda-time', version:'2.1'
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:    compile group: 'com.ibm.icu', name: 'icu4j', version:'4.6.1'
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:    compile group: 'net.sourceforge.findbugs', name: 'annotations', version:'1.2.0'
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:    compile(group: 'org.reflections', name: 'reflections', version:'0.9.8') {
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:task packageTests(type: Jar) {
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:  classifier = 'tests'
ruau/ruau-util/build.gradle:artifacts.archives packageTests
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * Copyright (C) 2013 salesforce.com, inc.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * You may obtain a copy of the License at
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: *         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * limitations under the License.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * Maps java types to and from javascript types to run jslint in rhino
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * through the java.script APIs which do not offer access to the js object
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * implementations/factory methods that Rhino's API does.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * @param javaSourceLines A java array of Strings.  Each string represents a line of code.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * @param javaOptions A java map of options
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js: * @returns A java String[] of error messages or an empty array.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:var jslintHelper = function(javaSourceLines, allowDebugger, allowUnfilteredForIn){
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:    var jsSourceLines = [];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:    //Convert the java String[] into a javascript String[]
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:    for(var i=0;i<javaSourceLines.length;i++){
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:        jsSourceLines.push(new String(javaSourceLines[i]));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:    var jsOptions = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        laxbreak : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        ass       : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        bitwise   : false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        closure   : false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        couch     : false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        devel     : false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        evil      : false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        maxerr    : 100,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        maxlen    : 1000,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        newcap    : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        node      : false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        passfail  : false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        properties: false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        rhino     : false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        unparam   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        stupid    : false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        sub       : false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        vars      : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        debug : allowDebugger,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        forin : allowUnfilteredForIn,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        predef : ['$A', 'ruau'],
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        // options we had to add to get 0 errors on framework js
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        arguments: true, // allow arguments[.]
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        weirdRelation: true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        moveVar: true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        varLoop: true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        unnecessaryInitialize: true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        moveInvocation: true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        forInVariable: true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        wrapImmediate: true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        unused: false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        reserved: false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        stringConcat: true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:                        unexpectedCall: true
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:    var jsErrors = JSLINT.errors;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:    var javaErrors = new java.util.ArrayList();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:    for(var i=0;i<jsErrors.length;i++){
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:        var jsError = jsErrors[i];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:            var javaError = new java.util.HashMap();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:            javaError.put("line", jsError.line);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:            javaError.put("startColumn", jsError.character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:            javaError.put("message", jsError.reason);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:            javaError.put("evidence", new java.lang.String(jsError.evidence));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:            javaErrors.add(javaError);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint_helper.js:    return javaErrors;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js: * Copyright (C) 2013 salesforce.com, inc.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js: * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js: * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js: * You may obtain a copy of the License at
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js: *         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js: * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js: * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js: * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js: * limitations under the License.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Copyright (c) 2002 Douglas Crockford  (www.JSLint.com)
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// of this software and associated CODumentation files (the "Software"), to deal
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// The Software shall be used for Good, not Evil.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// JSLINT is a global function. It takes two parameters.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     var myResult = JSLINT(source, option);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// The first parameter is either a string or an array of strings. If it is a
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// string, it will be split on '\n' or '\r'. If it is an array of strings, it
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// is assumed that each string represents one line. The source can be a
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// JavaScript text or a JSON text.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// The second parameter is an optional object of options that control the
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// operation of JSLINT. Most of the options are booleans: They are all
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// optional and have a default value of false. One of the options, predef,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// can be an array of names, which will be used to declare global variables,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// or an object whose keys are used as global names, with a boolean value
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// that determines if they are assignable.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// If it checks out, JSLINT returns true. Otherwise, it returns false.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// If false, you can inspect JSLINT.errors to find out the problems.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// JSLINT.errors is an array of objects containing these properties:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      line      : The line (relative to 0) at which the lint was found
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      character : The character (relative to 0) at which the lint was found
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      reason    : The problem
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      raw       : The raw message before the details were inserted
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      a         : The first detail
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      b         : The second detail
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      c         : The third detail
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      d         : The fourth detail
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// If a stopping error was found, a null will be the last element of the
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// JSLINT.errors array. A stopping error means that JSLint was not confident
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// enough to continue. It does not necessarily mean that the error was
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// especially heinous.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// You can request a data structure that contains JSLint's results.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     var myData = JSLINT.data();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// It returns a structure with this form:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://                 character: NUMBER,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://                 reason: STRING,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://                 name: STRING,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://                 parameter: [
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://                 var: [
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://                 global: [
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://                 label: [
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://         global: [
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// You can request a Function Report, which shows all of the functions
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// and the parameters and vars that they use. This can be used to find
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// implied global variables and other problems. The report is in HTML and
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// can be inserted into an HTML <body>. It should be given the result of the
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// JSLINT.data function.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     var myReport = JSLINT.report(data);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// You can request an HTML error report.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     var myErrorReport = JSLINT.error_report(data);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// You can obtain an object containing all of the properties found in the
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// file. JSLINT.property contains an object containing a key for each
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// property used in the program, the value being the number of times that
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// property name was used in the file.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// You can request a properties report, which produces a list of the program's
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// properties in the form of a /*properties*/ declaration.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      var myPropertyReport = JSLINT.properties_report(JSLINT.property);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// You can obtain the parse tree that JSLint constructed while parsing. The
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// latest tree is kept in JSLINT.tree. A nice stringification can be produced
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://         'string',  'arity', 'name',  'first',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// You can request a context coloring table. It contains information that can be
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// applied to the file that was analyzed. Context coloring colors functions
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// based on their nesting level, and variables on the color of the functions
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// in which they are defined.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      var myColorization = JSLINT.color(data);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// It returns an array containing objects of this form:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// JSLint provides three inline directives. They look like slashstar comments,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// and allow for setting options, declaring global variables, and establishing a
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// set of allowed property names.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// The jslint directive is a special comment that can set one or more options.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// For example:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     ass        true, if assignment expressions should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     bitwise    true, if bitwise operators should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     browser    true, if the standard browser globals should be predefined
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     closure    true, if Google Closure idioms should be tolerated
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     continue   true, if the continuation statement should be tolerated
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     debug      true, if debugger statements should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     devel      true, if logging should be allowed (console, alert, etc.)
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     eqeq       true, if == should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     evil       true, if eval should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     forin      true, if for in statements need not filter
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     indent     the indentation factor
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     maxerr     the maximum number of errors to allow
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     maxlen     the maximum length of a source line
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     newcap     true, if constructor names capitalization is ignored
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     node       true, if Node.js globals should be predefined
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     nomen      true, if names may have dangling _
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     passfail   true, if the scan should stop on first error
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     plusplus   true, if increment/decrement should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     properties true, if all property names must be declared with /*properties*/
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     regexp     true, if the . should be allowed in regexp literals
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     rhino      true, if the Rhino environment globals should be predefined
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     unparam    true, if unused parameters should be tolerated
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     sloppy     true, if the 'use strict'; pragma is optional
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     stupid     true, if really stupid practices are tolerated
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     sub        true, if all forms of subscript notation are tolerated
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     todo       true, if TODO comments are tolerated
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     vars       true, if multiple var statements per function should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://     white      true, if sloppy whitespace is tolerated
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// The properties directive declares an exclusive list of property names.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Any properties named in the program that are not in the list will
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// produce a warning.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// For example:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    '(error)', '*', '+', '-', '/', '<', '<=', '==', '===', '>', '>=', '\\', a,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    a_label, a_scope, already_defined, and, apply, arguments, arity, ass,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assign, assignment_expression, assignment_function_expression, at, avoid_a,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    b, bad_assignment, bad_constructor, bad_in_a, bad_invocation, bad_new,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    bad_number, bad_operand, bad_wrap, bitwise, block, break, breakage, browser,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    c, call, charAt, charCodeAt, character, closure, code, color, combine_var,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    comments, conditional_assignment, confusing_a, confusing_regexp,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    constructor_name_a, continue, control_a, couch, create, d, dangling_a, data,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    dead, debug, deleted, devel, disrupt, duplicate_a, edge, edition, elif,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    else, empty_block, empty_case, empty_class, entityify, eqeq, error_report,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    errors, evidence, evil, exception, exec, expected_a_at_b_c, expected_a_b,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    expected_a_b_from_c_d, expected_id_a, expected_identifier_a,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    expected_identifier_a_reserved, expected_number_a, expected_operator_a,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    expected_positive_a, expected_small_a, expected_space_a_b,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    expected_string_a, f, first, flag, floor, forEach, for_if, forin, from,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    fromCharCode, fud, function, function_block, function_eval, function_loop,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function_statement, function_strict, functions, global, hasOwnProperty, id,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix_in, init, insecure_a, isAlpha, isArray, isDigit, isNaN, join, jslint,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    json, keys, kind, label, labeled, lbp, leading_decimal_a, led, left, length,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    level, line, loopage, master, match, maxerr, maxlen, message, missing_a,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    missing_a_after_b, missing_property, missing_space_a_b, missing_use_strict,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    mode, move_invocation, move_var, n, name, name_function, nested_comment,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    newcap, node, nomen, not, not_a_constructor, not_a_defined, not_a_function,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    not_a_label, not_a_scope, not_greater, nud, number, octal_a, open, outer,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    parameter, parameter_a_get_b, parameter_arguments_a, parameter_set_a,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    params, paren, passfail, plusplus, pop, postscript, predef, properties,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    properties_report, property, prototype, push, quote, r, radix, raw,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    read_only, reason, redefinition_a_b, regexp, relation, replace, report,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    reserved, reserved_a, rhino, right, scanned_a_b, scope, search, second,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    shift, slash_equal, slice, sloppy, sort, split, statement, statement_block,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    stop, stopping, strange_loop, strict, string, stupid, sub, subscript,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    substr, supplant, sync_a, t, tag_a_in_b, test, third, thru, toString, todo,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    todo_comment, token, tokens, too_long, too_many, trailing_decimal_a, tree,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    unclosed, unclosed_comment, unclosed_regexp, unescaped_a, unexpected_a,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    unexpected_char_a, unexpected_comment, unexpected_label_a,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    unexpected_property_a, unexpected_space_a_b, unexpected_typeof_a,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    uninitialized_a, unnecessary_else, unnecessary_initialize, unnecessary_use,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    unparam, unreachable_a_b, unsafe, unused_a, url, use_array, use_braces,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    use_nested_if, use_object, use_or, use_param, use_spaces, used,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    used_before_a, var, var_a_not, var_loop, vars, varstatement, warn, warning,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    was, weird_assignment, weird_condition, weird_new, weird_program,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    weird_relation, weird_ternary, white, wrap, wrap_immediate, wrap_regexp,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    write_is_wrong, writeable
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// The global directive is used to declare global variables that can
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// be accessed by the program. If a declaration is true, then the variable
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// is writeable. Otherwise, it is read-only.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// We build the application inside a function so that we produce only a single
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// global variable. That function will be invoked immediately, and its return
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// value is the JSLINT function itself. That function is also an object that
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// can contain data and other functions.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:Object.create = Object.create || function (o) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:Array.isArray = Array.isArray || function (o) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    return Object.prototype.toString.call(o) === '[object Array]';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    var result = [];  
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    for(var name in o) {  
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (o.hasOwnProperty(name))  
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:          result.push(name);  
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:var JSLINT = (function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function array_to_object(array, value) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Make an object from an array of keys and a common value.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var i, length = array.length, object = Object.create(null);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            object[array[i]] = value;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    var allowed_option = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            ass       : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            maxerr    : 1000,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            maxlen    :  256,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            newcap    : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            passfail  : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unparam   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            vars      : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            // jslint options for ruau framework js code
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        anonname,       // The guessed name for anonymous functions.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// These are operators that should not be used with the ! operator.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        bang = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        block_var,     // vars defined in the current block
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// browser contains a set of global names that are commonly provided by a
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        browser = array_to_object([
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'clearInterval', 'clearTimeout', 'CODument', 'event', 'FormData',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'frames', 'history', 'Image', 'localStorage', 'location', 'name',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'navigator', 'Option', 'parent', 'screen', 'sessionStorage',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'setInterval', 'setTimeout', 'Storage', 'window', 'XMLHttpRequest'
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        ], false),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// bundle contains the text messages.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            a_label: "'{a}' is a statement label.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            a_scope: "'{a}' used out of scope.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            already_defined: "'{a}' is already defined.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            and: "The '&&' subexpression should be wrapped in parens.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            assignment_expression: "Unexpected assignment expression.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            assignment_function_expression: "Expected an assignment or " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "function call and instead saw an expression.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            avoid_a: "Avoid '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            bad_assignment: "Bad assignment.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            bad_constructor: "Bad constructor.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            bad_in_a: "Bad for in variable '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            bad_invocation: "Bad invocation.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            bad_new: "Do not use 'new' for side effects.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            bad_number: "Bad number '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            bad_operand: "Bad operand.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            bad_wrap: "Do not wrap function literals in parens unless they " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "are to be immediately invoked.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            combine_var: "Combine this with the previous 'var' statement.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            conditional_assignment: "Expected a conditional expression and " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "instead saw an assignment.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            confusing_a: "Confusing use of '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            confusing_regexp: "Confusing regular expression.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            constructor_name_a: "A constructor name '{a}' should start with " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "an uppercase letter.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            control_a: "Unexpected control character '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            dangling_a: "Unexpected dangling '_' in '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            duplicate_a: "Duplicate '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            empty_case: "Empty case.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            empty_class: "Empty class.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            evil: "eval is evil.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_a_b: "Expected '{a}' and instead saw '{b}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_a_b_from_c_d: "Expected '{a}' to match '{b}' from line " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "{c} and instead saw '{d}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_a_at_b_c: "Expected '{a}' at column {b}, not column {c}.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_id_a: "Expected an id, and instead saw #{a}.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_identifier_a: "Expected an identifier and instead saw '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_identifier_a_reserved: "Expected an identifier and " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "instead saw '{a}' (a reserved word).",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_number_a: "Expected a number and instead saw '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_operator_a: "Expected an operator and instead saw '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_positive_a: "Expected a positive number and instead saw '{a}'",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_small_a: "Expected a small positive integer and instead saw '{a}'",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_space_a_b: "Expected exactly one space between '{a}' and '{b}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_string_a: "Expected a string and instead saw '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            for_if: "The body of a for in should be wrapped in an if " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "statement to filter unwanted properties from the prototype.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            function_block: "Function statements should not be placed in blocks." +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "Use a function expression or move the statement to the top of " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            function_eval: "The Function constructor is eval.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            function_loop: "Don't make functions within a loop.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            function_statement: "Function statements are not invocable. " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "Wrap the whole function invocation in parens.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            identifier_function: "Expected an identifier in an assignment " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "and instead saw a function invocation.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            implied_evil: "Implied eval is evil. Pass a function instead of a string.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            infix_in: "Unexpected 'in'. Compare with undefined, or use the " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "hasOwnProperty method instead.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            insecure_a: "Insecure '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            isNaN: "Use the isNaN function to compare with NaN.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            leading_decimal_a: "A leading decimal point can be confused with a dot: '.{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            missing_a: "Missing '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            missing_a_after_b: "Missing '{a}' after '{b}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            missing_property: "Missing property name.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            missing_space_a_b: "Missing space between '{a}' and '{b}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            missing_use_strict: "Missing 'use strict' statement.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            move_invocation: "Move the invocation into the parens that " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "contain the function.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            move_var: "Move 'var' declarations to the top of the function.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name_function: "Missing name in function statement.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            not_a_constructor: "Do not use {a} as a constructor.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            not_a_defined: "'{a}' has not been fully defined yet.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            not_a_function: "'{a}' is not a function.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            not_a_label: "'{a}' is not a label.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            not_a_scope: "'{a}' is out of scope.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            not_greater: "'{a}' should not be greater than '{b}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            octal_a: "Don't use octal: '{a}'. Use '\\u....' instead.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            parameter_arguments_a: "Do not mutate parameter '{a}' when using 'arguments'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            parameter_a_get_b: "Unexpected parameter '{a}' in get {b} function.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            parameter_set_a: "Expected parameter (value) in set {a} function.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            radix: "Missing radix parameter.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            read_only: "Read only.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            redefinition_a_b: "Redefinition of '{a}' from line {b}.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            reserved_a: "Reserved name '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            scanned_a_b: "{a} ({b}% scanned).",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            slash_equal: "A regular expression literal can be confused with '/='.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            statement_block: "Expected to see a statement and instead saw a block.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            strange_loop: "Strange loop.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            strict: "Strict violation.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            subscript: "['{a}'] is better written in dot notation.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            sync_a: "Unexpected sync method: '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            tag_a_in_b: "A '<{a}>' must be within '<{b}>'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            too_many: "Too many errors.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            trailing_decimal_a: "A trailing decimal point can be confused " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "with a dot: '.{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unclosed_regexp: "Unclosed regular expression.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unescaped_a: "Unescaped '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unexpected_a: "Unexpected '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unexpected_char_a: "Unexpected character '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unexpected_label_a: "Unexpected label '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unexpected_property_a: "Unexpected /*property*/ '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unexpected_space_a_b: "Unexpected space between '{a}' and '{b}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unexpected_typeof_a: "Unexpected 'typeof'. " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "Use '===' to compare directly with {a}.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            uninitialized_a: "Uninitialized '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unnecessary_else: "Unnecessary 'else' after disruption.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unnecessary_initialize: "It is not necessary to initialize '{a}' " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unnecessary_use: "Unnecessary 'use strict'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unreachable_a_b: "Unreachable '{a}' after '{b}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unsafe: "Unsafe character.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            unused_a: "Unused '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            url: "JavaScript URL.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            use_array: "Use the array literal notation [].",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            use_braces: "Spaces are hard to count. Use {{a}}.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            use_nested_if: "Expected 'else { if' and instead saw 'else if'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            use_object: "Use the object literal notation {} or Object.create(null).",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            use_or: "Use the || operator.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            use_param: "Use a named parameter.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            use_spaces: "Use spaces, not tabs.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            used_before_a: "'{a}' was used before it was defined.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var_a_not: "Variable {a} was not declared correctly.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var_loop: "Don't declare variables in a loop.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            weird_assignment: "Weird assignment.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            weird_program: "Weird program.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            weird_relation: "Weird relation.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            weird_ternary: "Weird ternary.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            wrap_immediate: "Wrap an immediate function invocation in " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "parentheses to assist the reader in understanding that the " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "expression is the result of a function, and not the " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            wrap_regexp: "Wrap the /regexp/ literal in parens to " +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                "disambiguate the slash operator.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            write_is_wrong: "CODument.write can be a form of eval."
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        closure = array_to_object([
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        ], false),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        couch = array_to_object([
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'emit', 'getRow', 'isArray', 'log', 'provides', 'registerType',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'require', 'send', 'start', 'sum', 'toJSON'
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        ], false),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        descapes = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        devel = array_to_object([
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'alert', 'confirm', 'console', 'Debug', 'opera', 'prompt', 'WSH'
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        ], false),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        escapes = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        global_funct,   // The global body
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        global_scope,   // The global scope
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        in_block,       // Where function statements are not allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        lookahead,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        node = array_to_object([
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'Buffer', 'clearImmediate', 'clearInterval', 'clearTimeout',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'console', 'exports', 'global', 'module', 'process',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'require', 'setImmediate', 'setInterval', 'setTimeout',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            '__dirname', '__filename'
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        ], false),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        numbery = array_to_object(['indexOf', 'lastIndexOf', 'search'], true),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        predefined,     // Global variables defined by option
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        regexp_flag = array_to_object(['g', 'i', 'm'], true),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        rhino = array_to_object([
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'defineClass', 'deserialize', 'gc', 'help', 'load', 'loadClass',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'print', 'quit', 'readFile', 'readUrl', 'runCommand', 'seal',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'serialize', 'spawn', 'sync', 'toint32', 'version'
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        ], false),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        scope,      // An object containing an object for each variable in scope
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        semicolon_coda = array_to_object([';', '"', '\'', ')'], true),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// standard contains the global names that are provided by the
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// ECMAScript standard.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        standard = array_to_object([
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'Array', 'Boolean', 'Date', 'decodeURI', 'decodeURIComponent',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'encodeURI', 'encodeURIComponent', 'Error', 'eval', 'EvalError',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'Function', 'isFinite', 'isNaN', 'JSON', 'Map', 'Math', 'Number',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'Object', 'parseInt', 'parseFloat', 'Promise', 'Proxy',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'RangeError', 'ReferenceError', 'Reflect', 'RegExp', 'Set',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'String', 'Symbol', 'SyntaxError', 'System', 'TypeError',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            'URIError', 'WeakMap', 'WeakSet'
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        ], false),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        syntax = Object.create(null),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var_mode,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        warnings,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Regular expressions. Some of these are stupidly long.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// carriage return, carriage return linefeed, or linefeed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// unsafe characters that are silently deleted by one or more browsers
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        cx = /[\u0000-\u0008\u000a-\u001f\u007f-\u009f\u00ad\u0600-\u0604\u070f\u17b4\u17b5\u200c-\u200f\u2028-\u202f\u2060-\u206f\ufeff\ufff0-\uffff]/,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        ix = /^([a-zA-Z_$][a-zA-Z0-9_$]*)$/,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// javascript url
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        jx = /^(?:javascript|jscript|ecmascript|vbscript)\s*:/i,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// star slash
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// characters in strings that need escapement
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        nx = /[\u0000-\u001f'\\\u007f-\u009f\u00ad\u0600-\u0604\u070f\u17b4\u17b5\u200c-\u200f\u2028-\u202f\u2060-\u206f\ufeff\ufff0-\uffff]/g,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        tx = /^\s*([(){}\[\]\?.,:;'"~#@`]|={1,3}|\/(\*(jslint|properties|property|members?|globals?)?|=|\/)?|\*[\/=]?|\+(?:=|\++)?|-(?:=|-+)?|[\^%]=?|&[&=]?|\|[|=]?|>{1,3}=?|<(?:[\/=!]|\!(\[|--)?|<=?)?|\!(\!|==?)?|[a-zA-Z_$][a-zA-Z0-9_$]*|[0-9]+(?:[xX][0-9a-fA-F]+|\.[0-9]*)?(?:[eE][+\-]?[0-9]+)?)/;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                .replace(/&/g, '&amp;')
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                .replace(/</g, '&lt;')
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                .replace(/>/g, '&gt;');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    if (typeof String.prototype.isAlpha !== 'function') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        String.prototype.isAlpha = function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return (this >= 'a' && this <= 'z\uffff') ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    if (typeof String.prototype.supplant !== 'function') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        String.prototype.supplant = function (o) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return this.replace(/\{([^{}]*)\}/g, function (a, b) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                var replacement = o[b];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                return typeof replacement === 'string' ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    typeof replacement === 'number' ? replacement : a;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function sanitize(a) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://  Escapify a troublesome character.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return escapes[a] ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            '\\u' + ('0000' + a.charCodeAt().toString(16)).slice(-4);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function add_to_predefined(group) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var keys = Object.keys(group);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        for (var i = 0; i < keys.length; i++) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var name = keys[i];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            predefined[name] = group[name];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function assume() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            add_to_predefined(browser);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            option.browser = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            add_to_predefined(closure);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            add_to_predefined(couch);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            option.couch = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            add_to_predefined(devel);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            option.devel = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            add_to_predefined(node);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            option.node = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            add_to_predefined(rhino);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            option.rhino = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Produce an error warning.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function artifact(tok) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function quit(message, line, character) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name: 'JSLintError',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            character: character,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            message: bundle.scanned_a_b.supplant({
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                a: bundle[message] || message,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                b: Math.floor((line / lines.length) * 100)
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function warn(code, line, character, a, b, c, d) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var warning = {         // ~~
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            raw: bundle[code] || code,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            character: character,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            a: a || artifact(this),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        warning.reason = warning.raw.supplant(warning);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        itself.errors.push(warning);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (option.passfail) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            quit('stopping', line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        warnings += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (warnings >= option.maxerr) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            quit('too_many', line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return warning;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function stop(code, line, character, a, b, c, d) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var warning = warn(code, line, character, a, b, c, d);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        quit('stopping', warning.line, warning.character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function expected_at(at) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (!option.white && next_token.from !== at) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.warn('expected_a_at_b_c', '', at, next_token.from);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// lexical analysis and token construction
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var character, c, from, length, line, pos, source_row;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Private lex methods
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var at;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            character = 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                return false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            at = source_row.search(/\t/);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (at >= 0) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    source_row = source_row.replace(/\t/g, ' ');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    warn('use_spaces', line, at + 1);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            at = source_row.search(cx);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (at >= 0) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                warn('unsafe', line, at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (option.maxlen && option.maxlen < source_row.length) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                warn('too_long', line, source_row.length);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Produce a token object.  The token inherits from a syntax symbol.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        function it(type, value) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var id, the_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (jx.test(value)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    warn('url', line, from);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            the_token = Object.create(syntax[(
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                type === '(punctuator)' || (type === '(identifier)' &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        Object.prototype.hasOwnProperty.call(syntax, value))
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    ? value
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            )] || syntax['(error)']);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (value === '__iterator__' || value === '__proto__') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        stop('reserved_a', line, from, value);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        (value.charAt(0) === '_' ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        value.charAt(value.length - 1) === '_')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    warn('dangling_a', line, from, value);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                the_token.number = +value;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            } else if (value !== undefined) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                the_token.string = String(value);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            the_token.thru = character;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                ('(,=:[!&|?{};~+-*%^<>'.indexOf(id.charAt(id.length - 1)) >= 0) ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                id === 'return' || id === 'case'
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        function match(x) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var exec = x.exec(source_row), first;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                c = first.charAt(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                from = character + length - first.length;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                character += length;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                // rss: happens on empty blank lines
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        warn('unexpected_char_a', line, character - 1, '(space)');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                c = source_row.charAt(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                character += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            stop('unexpected_char_a', line, character, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var ch, at = 0, r = '', result;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                var i = parseInt(source_row.substr(at + 1, n), 16);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                at += n;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    warn('unexpected_a', line, character, '\\');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                character += n;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                ch = String.fromCharCode(i);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                warn('expected_a_b', line, character, '"', x);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                while (at >= source_row.length) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    at = 0;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                ch = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    character += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    source_row = source_row.slice(at + 1);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    warn('control_a', line, character + at,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        source_row.slice(0, at));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    character += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    ch = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    case '':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        warn('unexpected_a', line, character, '\\');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        at = -1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    case '\'':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            warn('unexpected_a', line, character, '\\\'');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    case 'u':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    case 'v':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            warn('unexpected_a', line, character, '\\v');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    case 'x':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            warn('unexpected_a', line, character, '\\x');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        if (typeof descapes[ch] !== 'string') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            warn(ch >= '0' && ch <= '7' ? 'octal_a' : 'unexpected_a',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                line, character, '\\' + ch);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            ch = descapes[ch];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                character += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var digit;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (source_row.charAt(0).isAlpha()) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                warn('expected_space_a_b',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    line, character, c, source_row.charAt(0));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                digit = snippet.charAt(1);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        warn('unexpected_a', line, character, snippet);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    warn('unexpected_a', line, character, '0x');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                warn('trailing_decimal_a', line, character, snippet);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                warn('bad_number', line, character, snippet);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                warn('unexpected_comment', line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                warn('todo_comment', line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                thru: character,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var at = 0,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                flag = '',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                potential,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                c = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '/':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        warn('unescaped_a', line, from + at, '/');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    c = source_row.slice(0, at - 1);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    potential = Object.create(regexp_flag);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        letter = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        if (potential[letter] !== true) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        potential[letter] = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        flag += letter;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (source_row.charAt(at).isAlpha()) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        stop('unexpected_a', line, from, source_row.charAt(at));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    character += at;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    source_row = source_row.slice(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    quote = source_row.charAt(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    result.flag = flag;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '\\':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    c = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        warn('control_a', line, from + at, String(c));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        warn('unexpected_a', line, from + at, '\\');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '(':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    b = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (source_row.charAt(at) === '?') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        switch (source_row.charAt(at)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case ':':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '=':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '!':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            warn('expected_a_b', line, from + at,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                ':', source_row.charAt(at));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '|':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    b = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case ')':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        warn('unescaped_a', line, from + at, ')');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case ' ':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    while (source_row.charAt(at) === ' ') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        warn('use_braces', line, from + at, pos);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '[':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    c = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            warn('insecure_a', line, from + at, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        } else if (source_row.charAt(at) === ']') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            stop('unescaped_a', line, from + at, '^');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    bit = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        warn('empty_class', line, from + at - 1);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:klass:              do {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        c = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '[':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '^':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            warn('unescaped_a', line, from + at, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '-':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                bit = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                warn('unescaped_a', line, from + at, '-');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case ']':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                warn('unescaped_a', line, from + at - 1, '-');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            break klass;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '\\':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            c = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                warn('control_a', line, from + at, String(c));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                warn('unexpected_a', line, from + at, '\\');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '/':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            warn('unescaped_a', line, from + at - 1, '/');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '.':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        warn('insecure_a', line, from + at, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case ']':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '?':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '{':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '}':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '+':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '*':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    warn('unescaped_a', line, from + at, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    switch (source_row.charAt(at)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    case '?':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    case '+':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    case '*':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        if (source_row.charAt(at) === '?') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    case '{':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        c = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            warn('expected_number_a', line,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                from + at, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            c = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            c = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    c = source_row.charAt(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        if (source_row.charAt(at) !== '}') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            warn('expected_a_b', line, from + at,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        if (source_row.charAt(at) === '?') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            at += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            warn('not_greater', line, from + at,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            c = source_row.slice(0, at - 1);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            character += at;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            source_row = source_row.slice(at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// token -- this is called by advance to get the next token.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                var first, i, snippet;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    snippet = match(tx);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        first = snippet.charAt(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        if (first.isAlpha() || first === '_' || first === '$') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '"':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case "'":
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '//':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '/*':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                i = source_row.search(lx);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                character = source_row.length;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    stop('unclosed_comment', line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            character += i + 2;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            if (source_row.charAt(i) === '/') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                stop('nested_comment', line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        case '/':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                stop('slash_equal', line, from);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                : it('(punctuator)', snippet);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      punctuator
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            return it('(punctuator)', snippet);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Define a name.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var name = token.string,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            master = scope[name];       // The current definition of the name
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// vars are created with a deadzone, so that the expression that initializes
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// the var cannot access the var. Functions are not writeable.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        token.dead = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        token.init = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        token.master = master;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        token.writeable = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Global variables are a little weird. They can be defined multiple times.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Some predefined global vars are (or should) not be writeable.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (kind === 'var' && funct === global_funct) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!master) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (predefined[name] === false) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    token.writeable = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                global_scope[name] = token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// It is an error if the name has already been defined in this scope, except
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// when reusing an exception variable name.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (master) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (master['function'] === funct) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (master.kind !== 'exception' || kind !== 'exception' ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            !master.dead) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        token.warn('already_defined', name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                } else if (master['function'] !== global_funct) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (kind === 'var') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        token.warn('redefinition_a_b', name, master.line);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            scope[name] = token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (kind === 'var') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                block_var.push(name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function peek(distance) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Peek ahead to a future token. The distance is how far ahead to look. The
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// default is the next token.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var found, slot = 0;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        distance = (distance !== undefined)? distance : 0;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        while (slot <= distance) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            found = lookahead[slot];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                found = lookahead[slot] = lex.token();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function advance(id, match) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Produce the next token, also looking for programming errors.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// If indentation checking was requested, then inspect all of the line breakings.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// The var statement is tricky because the names might be aligned or not. We
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// look at the first line break after the var to determine the programmer's
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (var_mode && next_token.line !== token.line) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if ((var_mode !== indent || !next_token.edge) &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        next_token.from === indent.at -
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    var dent = indent;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        dent.at -= option.indent;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        if (dent === var_mode) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        dent = dent.was;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    dent.open = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                var_mode = null;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                indent.at -= option.indent;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// If the token is an edge.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (next_token.edge === 'label') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        expected_at(1);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    } else if (next_token.edge === 'case' || indent.mode === 'statement') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        expected_at(indent.at - option.indent);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    } else if (indent.mode !== 'array' || next_token.line !== token.line) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        expected_at(indent.at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// If the token is not an edge, but is the first token on the line.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (next_token.from < indent.at + (indent.mode ===
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        expected_at(indent.at + option.indent);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    indent.wrap = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    expected_at(indent.at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    indent.wrap = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (indent.mode === 'statement' || indent.mode === 'var') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        expected_at(indent.at + option.indent);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    } else if (next_token.from < indent.at + (indent.mode ===
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        expected_at(indent.at + option.indent);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '(number)':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('trailing_decimal_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '-':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('confusing_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '+':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('confusing_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            anonname = token.string;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (match) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('expected_a_b_from_c_d', id,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    match.id, match.line, artifact());
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('expected_a_b', id, artifact());
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        next_token = lookahead.shift() || lex.token();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function do_globals() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var name, writeable;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name = next_token.string;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            writeable = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance(':');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'true':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    writeable = predefined[name] !== false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    advance('true');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'false':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    advance('false');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    next_token.stop('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            predefined[name] = writeable;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(',');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var name, value;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name = next_token.string;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!allowed_option[name]) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.stop('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.stop('expected_a_b', ':', artifact());
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(':');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (typeof allowed_option[name] === 'number') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                value = next_token.number;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (value > allowed_option[name] || value <= 0 ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        Math.floor(value) !== value) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    next_token.stop('expected_small_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                option[name] = value;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    option[name] = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                } else if (next_token.id === 'false') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    option[name] = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    next_token.stop('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance(',');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        assume();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var name;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name = next_token.string;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            property[name] = 0;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(',');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var command = this.id,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.warn('missing_space_a_b', artifact(token), artifact());
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (lookahead.length > 0) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        switch (command) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '/*properties':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '/*property':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '/*members':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '/*member':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '/*jslint':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '/*globals':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '/*global':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            do_globals();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.stop('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance('*/');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Indentation intention
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var open;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                at: +mode,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                was: indent
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                at: 1,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                mode: 'statement',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        } else if (mode === 'statement') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                at: indent.at,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                was: indent
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            open = mode === 'var' || next_token.line !== token.line;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                at: (open || mode === 'control'
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    ? indent.at + option.indent
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    : indent.at) + (indent.wrap ? option.indent : 0),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                was: indent
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (mode === 'var' && open) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                var_mode = indent;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                indent.at -= option.indent;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(id, symbol);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            indent = indent.was;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Functions for conformance of whitespace.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function one_space(left, right) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            right.warn('expected_space_a_b', artifact(token), artifact(right));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function one_space_only(left, right) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            right.warn('expected_space_a_b', artifact(left), artifact(right));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function no_space(left, right) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            right.warn('unexpected_space_a_b', artifact(left), artifact(right));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function no_space_only(left, right) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            right.warn('unexpected_space_a_b', artifact(left), artifact(right));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function spaces(left, right) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                right.warn('missing_space_a_b', artifact(left), artifact(right));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function comma() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            warn('expected_a_b', token.line, token.thru, ',', artifact());
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                no_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(',');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            warn('expected_a_b', token.line, token.thru, ';', artifact());
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                no_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(';');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (semicolon_coda[next_token.id] !== true) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('unnecessary_use');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function are_similar(a, b) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (a === b) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (Array.isArray(a)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (Array.isArray(b) && a.length === b.length) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                var i;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                for (i = 0; i < a.length; i += 1) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (!are_similar(a[i], b[i])) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        return false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (Array.isArray(b)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (a.id === '(number)' && b.id === '(number)') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return a.number === b.number;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (a.arity === b.arity && a.string === b.string) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            switch (a.arity) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case undefined:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                return a.string === b.string;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case 'prefix':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case 'suffix':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                return a.id === b.id && are_similar(a.first, b.first) &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    a.id !== '{' && a.id !== '[';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case 'infix':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                return are_similar(a.first, b.first) &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    are_similar(a.second, b.second);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case 'ternary':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                return are_similar(a.first, b.first) &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    are_similar(a.second, b.second) &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    are_similar(a.third, b.third);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case 'function':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case 'regexp':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                return false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (a.id === '.' && b.id === '[' && b.arity === 'infix') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return a.second.string === b.second.string && b.second.id === '(string)';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (a.id === '[' && a.arity === 'infix' && b.id === '.') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return a.second.string === b.second.string && a.second.id === '(string)';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// This is the heart of JSLINT, the Pratt parser. In addition to parsing, it
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// is looking for ad hoc lint patterns. We add .fud to Pratt's model, which is
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// like .nud except that it is only used on the first token of a statement.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Having .fud makes it much easier to define statement-oriented languages like
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// JavaScript. I retained Pratt's nomenclature.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// .nud     Null denotation
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// .fud     First null denotation
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// .led     Left denotation
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// They are elements of the parsing method called Top Down Operator Precedence.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function expression(rbp, initial) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// initial indicates that this is the first expression of a statement.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            token.stop('unexpected_a', next_token.id);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (initial) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            anonname = 'anonymous';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (initial === true && token.fud) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    token.warn('leading_decimal_a', artifact());
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                token.stop('expected_identifier_a', artifact(token));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (left && left.assign && !initial) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!option.ass) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                left.warn('assignment_expression');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (left.id !== '=' && left.first.master) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                left.first.master.used = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.stop('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.stop('expected_operator_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        warn: function (code, a, b, c, d) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!this.warning) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                var line = (this.line !== undefined)? this.line : 0;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                var from = (this.from !== undefined)? this.from : 0;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this.warning = warn(code, line, from,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    a || artifact(this), b, c, d);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        stop: function (code, a, b, c, d) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.warning = undefined;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.warn(code, a, b, c, d);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return quit('stopping', this.line, this.character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Functional constructors for making the symbols that will be inherited by
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = syntax[s];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            x = Object.create(protosymbol);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            syntax[s] = x;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function ultimate(s) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = symbol(s, 0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function reserve_name(x) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var c = x.id.charAt(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if ((c >= 'a' && c <= 'z') || (c >= 'A' && c <= 'Z')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = symbol(s);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return reserve_name(x);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = stmt(s, f);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function labeled_stmt(s, f) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = stmt(s, function labeled() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var the_statement;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (funct.breakage) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                funct.breakage.push(this);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                funct.breakage = [this];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            the_statement = f.apply(this);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (funct.breakage.length > 1) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                funct.breakage.pop();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                delete funct.breakage;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return the_statement;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        x.labeled = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = symbol(s, 150);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        reserve_name(x);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var that = this;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.arity = 'prefix';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                that = f(that);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (that.arity !== 'prefix') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    no_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                that.first = expression(150);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            switch (that.id) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case '++':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case '--':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    that.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                } else if ((!that.first.identifier || that.first.reserved) &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        that.first.id !== '.' && that.first.id !== '[') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    that.warn('bad_operand');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (that.first.arity === 'prefix' ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        that.first.arity === 'function') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    that.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = symbol(s);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        x.arity = t;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = symbol(s);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function constant(name) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = reserve(name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        x.string = name;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function reservevar(s, v) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = symbol(s, p);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        reserve_name(x);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.arity = 'infix';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                spaces(prev_token, token);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function expected_relation(node, message) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (node.assign) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            node.warn(message || 'conditional_assignment');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function expected_condition(node, message) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '[':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '-':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (node.arity !== 'infix') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                node.warn(message || 'weird_condition');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'false':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'function':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'Infinity':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'NaN':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'null':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'true':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'undefined':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'void':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '(number)':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '(regexp)':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '(string)':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '{':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '?':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '~':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            node.warn(message || 'weird_condition');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '(':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    (node.first.string === 'Boolean') ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                node.warn(message || 'weird_condition');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function check_relation(node) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        switch (node.arity) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'prefix':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case '{':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case '[':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                node.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case '!':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    node.warn('confusing_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'function':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'regexp':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            node.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (node.id  === 'NaN') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                node.warn('isNaN');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            } else if (node.relation) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (!option.weirdRelation) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    node.warn('weird_relation');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function relation(s, eqeq) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = infix(s, 100, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            check_relation(left);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                that.warn('expected_a_b', eqeq, that.id);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var right = expression(100);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (are_similar(left, right) ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (!option.weirdRelation) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    that.warn('weird_relation');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        right.warn("expected_string_a", artifact(right));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        left.warn("unexpected_typeof_a", right.string);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        left.warn("expected_string_a", artifact(left));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        right.warn("unexpected_typeof_a", left.string);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.first = left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.second = check_relation(right);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        x.relation = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function lvalue(that, s) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var master;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (that.identifier) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            master = scope[that.string];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (master) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (scope[that.string].writeable !== true) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    that.warn('read_only');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                master.used -= 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    master.init = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        } else if (that.id === '.' || that.id === '[') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!that.first || that.first.string === 'arguments') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                that.warn('bad_assignment');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.warn('bad_assignment');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function assignop(s, op) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = infix(s, 20, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var next;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.first = left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            lvalue(left, s);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.second = expression(20);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (that.id === '=' && are_similar(that.first, that.second) && !option.weirdAssignment) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                that.warn('weird_assignment');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next = that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                lvalue(next.second, '=');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance('=');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        x.assign = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (syntax[op].bitwise) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = infix(s, p, 'number');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = symbol(s, 150);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space_only(prev_token, token);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this.warn('bad_operand');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.arity = 'suffix';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function optional_identifier(variable) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (token.reserved && variable) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                token.warn('expected_identifier_a_reserved');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function identifier(variable) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var i = optional_identifier(variable);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                ? 'name_function'
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                : 'expected_identifier_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function statement() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var label, preamble, the_statement;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// We don't like the empty statement.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Is this a labeled statement?
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            edge('label');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            label = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(':');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            define('label', label);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (next_token.labeled !== true || funct === global_funct) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                label.stop('unexpected_label_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            } else if (jx.test(label.string + ':')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                label.warn('url');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.label = label;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            label.init = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            label.statement = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Parse the statement.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        preamble = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_in('statement');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        the_statement = expression(0, true);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (the_statement) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Look for the final semicolon.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (the_statement.arity === 'statement') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (the_statement.id === 'switch' ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        (the_statement.block && the_statement.id !== 'do')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// If this is an expression statement, determine if it is acceptable.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://      new Blah;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// statements. If it is to be used at all, new should only be used to make
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// objects, not side effects. The expression statements we do like do
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// assignment or invocation or delete.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (the_statement.id === '(') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (the_statement.first.id === 'new') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        next_token.warn('bad_new');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                } else if (the_statement.id === '++' ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        the_statement.id === '--') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    lvalue(the_statement.first);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                } else if (!the_statement.assign &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        the_statement.id !== 'delete') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (!option.closure || !preamble.comments) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        preamble.warn('assignment_function_expression');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (label) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            label.dead = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return the_statement;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function statements() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var array = [], disruptor, the_statement;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// A disrupt statement may not be followed by any other statement.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// If the last statement is disrupt, then the sequence is disrupt.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if ((!node_js) || funct !== global_funct || array.length > 0) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            next_token.warn('function_strict');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    next_token.warn('unreachable_a_b', next_token.string,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                the_statement = statement();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (the_statement) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    array.push(the_statement);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (the_statement.disrupt) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        disruptor = the_statement;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        array.disrupt = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return array;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// A block is a sequence of statements wrapped in braces.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var array,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            old_block_var = block_var,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        in_block = kind !== 'function' && kind !== 'try' && kind !== 'catch';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        block_var = [];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('{');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('missing_use_strict');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            array = statements();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            curly.stop('expected_a_b', '{', artifact());
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            curly.warn('expected_a_b', '{', artifact());
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            array = [statement()];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            array.disrupt = array[0].disrupt;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (kind !== 'catch' && array.length === 0 && !option.debug && !option.emptyBlock) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            curly.warn('empty_block');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        for (var i = 0; i < block_var.length; i++) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            scope[block_var[i]].dead = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        block_var = old_block_var;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return array;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function tally_property(name) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (option.properties && typeof property[name] !== 'number') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            token.warn('unexpected_property_a', name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (property[name]) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            property[name] += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            property[name] = 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// ECMAScript parser
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var x = symbol('(identifier)');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var name = this.string,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                master = scope[name],
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                writeable;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// If the master is not in scope, then we may have an undeclared variable.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Check the predefined list. If it was predefined, create the global
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// variable.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!master) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                writeable = predefined[name];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (typeof writeable === 'boolean') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    global_scope[name] = master = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        dead: false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        'function': global_funct,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        kind: 'var',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        string: name,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        writeable: writeable
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// But if the variable is not in scope, and is not predefined, and if we are not
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// in the global scope, then we have an undefined variable error.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        token.warn('used_before_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this.master = master;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Annotate uses that cross scope boundaries.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (master) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (master.kind === 'label') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    this.warn('a_label');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (master.dead === true || master.dead === funct) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        this.warn('a_scope');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    master.used += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (master['function'] !== funct) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        if (master['function'] === global_funct) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            funct.global.push(name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            master['function'].closure.push(name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            funct.outer.push(name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Build the syntax table by declaring the syntactic elements.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    type('(array)', 'array');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    type('(boolean)', 'boolean', return_this);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    ultimate('(begin)');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    ultimate('(end)');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    ultimate('(error)');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    postscript(reserve('case'));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    reserve('catch');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    postscript(reserve('default'));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    reserve('finally');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    reservevar('arguments', function (x) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (strict_mode && funct === global_funct) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            x.warn('strict');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        funct.arguments = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    reservevar('eval');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    constant('false', 'boolean');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    constant('Infinity', 'number');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    constant('NaN', 'number');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    constant('null', '');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    reservevar('this', function (x) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (strict_mode && funct.statement && funct.name.charAt(0) > 'Z') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            x.warn('strict');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    constant('true', 'boolean');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    constant('undefined', '');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('?', 30, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = expected_condition(expected_relation(left));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.second = expression(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var colon = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance(':');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.third = expression(10);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.arity = 'ternary';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (are_similar(that.second, that.third)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            colon.warn('weird_ternary');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        } else if (are_similar(that.first, that.second) && !option.useOr) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.warn('use_or');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('||', 40, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        function paren_check(that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (that.id === '&&' && !that.paren) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                that.warn('and');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = paren_check(expected_condition(expected_relation(left)));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.second = paren_check(expected_relation(expression(40)));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (are_similar(that.first, that.second) && !option.weirdCondition) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.warn('weird_condition');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('&&', 50, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = expected_condition(expected_relation(left));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.second = expected_relation(expression(50));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (are_similar(that.first, that.second)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.warn('weird_condition');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    prefix('void', function (that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = expression(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.warn('expected_a_b', 'undefined', 'void');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    relation('==', '===');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    relation('===');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    relation('!=', '!==');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    relation('!==');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    relation('<');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    relation('>');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    relation('<=');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    relation('>=');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('in', 120, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.warn('infix_in');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.left = left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.right = expression(130);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('instanceof', 120);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('+', 130, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                left.warn('unexpected_a', '0');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (!option.stringConcat) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    left.warn('expected_a_b', 'String', '\'\'');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var right = expression(130);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                right.warn('unexpected_a', '0');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (!option.stringConcat) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    right.warn('expected_a_b', 'String', '\'\'');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        left.warn('url');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.second = right;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        token.warn('confusing_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'prefix';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        token.warn('confusing_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('-', 130, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            left.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var right = expression(130);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            right.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.second = right;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        token.warn('confusing_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'prefix';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        token.warn('confusing_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('*', 140, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            left.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var right = expression(140);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            right.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.second = right;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('/', 140, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            left.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var right = expression(140);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            right.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.second = right;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('%', 140, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            left.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var right = expression(140);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            right.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.second = right;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    prefix('delete', function (that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var p = expression(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.warn('deleted');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = p;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    prefix('~', function (that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = expression(150);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function banger(that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = expected_condition(expression(150));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (bang[that.first.id] === that || that.first.assign) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.warn('confusing_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    prefix('!', banger);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    prefix('!!', banger);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    prefix('new', function (that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var c = expression(160), n, p, v;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = c;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'Object':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    token.warn('use_object');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'Array':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        advance('(');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                p.warn('use_array');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                advance(',');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            token.warn('use_array');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        advance(')', p);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    token.warn('use_array');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'Number':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'String':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'Boolean':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'Math':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'JSON':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    c.warn('not_a_constructor');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'Function':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        next_token.warn('function_eval');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'Date':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'RegExp':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case 'this':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        v = c.string.charAt(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        if (!option.newcap && (v < 'A' || v > 'Z')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            token.warn('constructor_name_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    token.warn('bad_constructor');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.warn('weird_new');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.warn('missing_a', '()');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('(', 160, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var e, p;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space(prev_token, token);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space_only(prev_token, token);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (!left.immed && left.id === 'function' && !option.wrapImmediate) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.warn('wrap_immediate');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (left.string.match(/^[A-Z]([A-Z0-9_$]*[a-z][A-Za-z0-9_$]*)?$/)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        left.string !== 'Boolean' && left.string !== 'Date') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (left.string === 'Math') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        left.warn('not_a_function');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        token.warn('use_object');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    } else if (left.string === 'Array' || !option.newcap) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        left.warn('missing_a', 'new');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                left.warn('not_a_function');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                left.second.warn('use_array');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (left.string === 'Boolean' && (e.id === '!' || e.id === '~')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    e.warn('weird_condition');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                comma();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_out(')', that);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (left.string === 'parseInt' && p.length === 1) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                left.warn('radix');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                left.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (left.string === 'eval' || left.string === 'Function' ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    left.warn('evil');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        left.string === 'setInterval')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    left.warn('implied_evil');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                left.warn('bad_invocation');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        are_similar(p[0], left.first.first)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (left.second.string === 'call' ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            (left.second.string === 'apply' && (p.length === 1 ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            (p[1].arity === 'prefix' && p[1].id === '[')))) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        if (!option.unexpectedCall) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            left.second.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        left.second.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.second = p;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    prefix('(', function (that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var value = expression(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        value.paren = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_out(')', that);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (value.id === 'function') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case '(':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (!option.moveInvocation) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    next_token.warn('move_invocation');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case '.':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case '[':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                that.warn('bad_wrap');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        } else if (!value.arity) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!option.closure || !that.comments) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                that.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return value;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('.', 170, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space(prev_token, token);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var name = identifier();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (typeof name === 'string') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            tally_property(name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.second = token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (left && left.string === 'arguments' &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                (name === 'callee' || name === 'caller')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!option.arguments) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            	left.warn('avoid_a', 'arguments.' + name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                (name === 'write' || name === 'writeln')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            left.warn('write_is_wrong');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        } else if (!option.stupid && syx.test(name)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            token.warn('sync_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (!option.evil && (name === 'eval' || name === 'execScript')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.warn('evil');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    infix('[', 170, function (left, that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var e, s;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space_only(prev_token, token);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '(number)':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (e.id === '(number)' && left.id === 'arguments') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (!option.arguments) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    left.warn('use_param');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '(string)':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    (e.string === 'eval' || e.string === 'execScript')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                e.warn('evil');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                s = syntax[e.string];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    e.warn('subscript');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            tally_property(e.string);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_out(']', that);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space(prev_token, token);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = left;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.second = e;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    prefix('[', function (that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = [];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_in('array');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance(',');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            indent.wrap = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.first.push(expression(10));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                comma();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_out(']', that);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function property_name() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var id = optional_identifier();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('=');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('+=', '+');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('-=', '-');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('*=', '*');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('/=', '/').nud = function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        next_token.stop('slash_equal');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('%=', '%');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('&=', '&');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('|=', '|');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('^=', '^');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('<<=', '<<');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('>>=', '>>');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    assignop('>>>=', '>>>');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function function_parameters() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var id, parameters = [], paren = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance('(');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                define('parameter', token);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                parameters.push(id);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                token.writeable = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                comma();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_out(')', paren);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return parameters;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function do_function(func, name) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var old_funct = funct,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        scope = Object.create(old_scope);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            global: [],
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            loopage: 0,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name: name || '\'' + (anonname || '').replace(nx, sanitize) + '\'',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        funct.parameter = function_parameters();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        option = Object.create(old_option);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (name) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            func.name = name;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            func.string = name;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        func.writeable = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var keys = Object.keys(scope);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        for (var i = 0; i < keys.length; i++) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var master = scope[keys[i]];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!master.used && master.kind !== 'exception' &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    (master.kind !== 'parameter' || !option.unparam)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    master.warn('unused_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            } else if (!master.init) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                master.warn('uninitialized_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    prefix('{', function (that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var get, i, j, name, set, seen = Object.create(null);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.first = [];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            indent.wrap = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// JSLint recognizes the ES5 extension for get/set in object literals,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// but requires that they be used in pairs.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance('get');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                one_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                name = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                i = property_name();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (funct.loopage) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    get.warn('function_loop');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (get['function'].parameter.length) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    get.warn('parameter_a_get_b', get['function'].parameter[0], i);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                comma();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance('set');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                one_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                j = property_name();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    token.stop('expected_a_b', i, j || next_token.string);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    token.warn('missing_a', 'throw');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (set['function'].parameter.length === 0) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    set.stop('parameter_set_a', 'value');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                } else if (set['function'].parameter[0] !== 'value') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    set.stop('expected_a_b', 'value',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        set['function'].parameter[0]);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                name.first = [get, set];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                name = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                i = property_name();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance(':');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                name.first = expression(10);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.first.push(name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('duplicate_a', i);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            tally_property(i);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                comma();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_out('}', that);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        next_token.warn('statement_block');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.block = statements();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance('}', this);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    stmt('/*global', directive);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    stmt('/*globals', directive);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    stmt('var', function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// JavaScript does not have block scope. It only has function scope. So,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// declaring a variable in a block can have unexpected consequences.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// var.first will contain an array, the array containing name tokens
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// and assignment tokens.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var assign, id, name;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (funct.loopage) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!option.varLoop) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('var_loop');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        } else if (funct.varstatement && !option.vars) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.warn('combine_var');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (funct !== global_funct) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            funct.varstatement = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_in('var');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            define('var', name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name.dead = funct;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (funct === global_funct && !name.writeable) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    name.warn('read_only');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                assign = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                assign.first = name;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance('=');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (!option.unnecessaryInitialize) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        token.warn('unnecessary_initialize', id);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    next_token.stop('var_a_not');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                assign.second = expression(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                assign.arity = 'infix';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                name.init = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this.first.push(assign);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this.first.push(name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name.dead = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name.writeable = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            comma();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            indent.wrap = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (var_mode && next_token.line === token.line &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                var_mode = null;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                indent.open = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                indent.at -= option.indent;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var_mode = null;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            token.warn('function_block');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var name = next_token,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        define('var', name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (!name.writeable) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name.warn('read_only');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        name.init = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        name.statement = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.stop('function_statement');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    prefix('function', function (that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var id = optional_identifier(true), name;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name = token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        do_function(that, id);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (name) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name['function'] = that['function'];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (funct.loopage) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.warn('function_loop');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case ';':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '(':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case ')':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case ',':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case ']':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '}':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case ':':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '(end)':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '.':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.stop('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.arity = 'function';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var paren = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance('(');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.first = expected_condition(expected_relation(expression(0)));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_out(')', paren);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn(this.elif ? 'use_nested_if' : 'unnecessary_else');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('else');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this['else'] = statement(true);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// try.first    The catch variable
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// try.second   The catch clause
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// try.third    The finally clause
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var exception_variable, paren;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (next_token.id === 'catch') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('catch');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            paren = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('(');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            exception_variable = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            define('exception', exception_variable);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            exception_variable.init = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            step_out(')', paren);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.second = block('catch');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    exception_variable.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    exception_variable.warn('expected_a_b', 'ignore',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        exception_variable.string);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            exception_variable.dead = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (next_token.id === 'finally') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('finally');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.third = block('finally');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.stop('expected_a_b', 'catch', artifact());
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    labeled_stmt('while', function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var paren = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        funct.loopage += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance('(');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.first = expected_relation(expression(0));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            expected_condition(this.first, 'unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_out(')', paren);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            prev_token.warn('strange_loop');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        funct.loopage -= 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    labeled_stmt('switch', function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// switch.second        the array of cases. A case is 'case' or 'default' token:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://    case.first        the array of case expressions
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js://    case.second       the array of statements
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// If all of the arrays of statements are disrupt, then the switch is disrupt.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var cases = [],
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            particular,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that = token,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            the_case = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        function find_duplicate_case(value) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (are_similar(particular, value)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                value.warn('duplicate_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance('(');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.first = expected_condition(expected_relation(expression(0)));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_out(')', the_case);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance('{');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (that.from !== next_token.from && !option.white) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.warn('expected_a_at_b_c', next_token.string, that.from, next_token.from);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        while (next_token.id === 'case') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            the_case = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            the_case.first = [];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            the_case.arity = 'case';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                edge('case');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance('case');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                particular = expression(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                for (var i = 0; i < cases.length; i++) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    find_duplicate_case(cases[i]);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                cases.push(particular);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                the_case.first.push(particular);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (particular.id === 'NaN') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    particular.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                no_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance(':');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (next_token.id !== 'case') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            the_case.second = statements();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (the_case.second && the_case.second.length > 0) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (!the_case.second[the_case.second.length - 1].disrupt) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    next_token.warn('missing_a_after_b', 'break', 'case');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('empty_case');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.second.push(the_case);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.warn('missing_a', 'case');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (next_token.id === 'default') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            the_case = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            the_case.arity = 'case';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            edge('case');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('default');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(':');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            the_case.second = statements();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (the_case.second && the_case.second.length > 0) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this.disrupt = the_case.second[the_case.second.length - 1].disrupt;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                the_case.warn('empty_case');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.second.push(the_case);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (this['break']) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.disrupt = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    labeled_stmt('do', function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        funct.loopage += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            prev_token.warn('strange_loop');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance('while');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var paren = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance('(');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.first = expected_condition(expected_relation(expression(0)), 'unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        step_out(')', paren);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        funct.loopage -= 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    labeled_stmt('for', function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var blok, filter, master, ok = false, paren = next_token, value;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        funct.loopage += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        advance('(');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(';');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(';');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(')');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            spaces(this, paren);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (next_token.id === 'var') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (!option.moveVar) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    next_token.stop('move_var');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    // skip the var token so jslint can continue checkin
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    advance('var');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                value = expression(1000);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                master = value.master;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (!master) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (!option.forInVariable) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        value.stop('bad_in_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (master.kind !== 'var' || master['function'] !== funct ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        !master.writeable || master.dead) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        value.warn('bad_in_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    master.init = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    master.used -= 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this.first = value;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                advance('in');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                step_out(')', paren);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            case '===':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            case '!==':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    ? are_similar(filter.first.first, this.second) &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                        are_similar(filter.first.second, this.first)
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                        are_similar(filter.first.first.first, this.second) &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                        are_similar(filter.first.first.second, this.first);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            case '(':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    are_similar(filter.first.first, this.second) &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    filter.first.second.string === 'hasOwnProperty' &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    are_similar(filter.second[0], this.first)
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    filter.first.first.second.string === 'hasOwnProperty' &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    filter.first.second.string === 'call' &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    are_similar(filter.second[0], this.second) &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                    are_similar(filter.second[1], this.first)
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                are_similar(blok[0].first.first.first, this.second) &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                                are_similar(blok[0].first.first.second, this.first);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        this.warn('for_if');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    comma();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this.second = expected_relation(expression(0));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    expected_condition(this.second, 'unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    next_token.stop('expected_a_b', ')', ';');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    comma();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                no_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                step_out(')', paren);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                one_space();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            prev_token.warn('strange_loop');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        funct.loopage -= 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function optional_label(that) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var label = next_token.string,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            master;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        that.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (!funct.breakage || (!option['continue'] && that.id === 'continue')) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            one_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            master = scope[label];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!master || master.kind !== 'label') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('not_a_label');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            } else if (master.dead || master['function'] !== funct) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('not_a_scope');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                master.used += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (that.id === 'break') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    master.statement['break'] = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (funct.breakage[funct.breakage.length - 1] === master.statement) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    next_token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            that.first = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (that.id === 'break') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                funct.breakage[funct.breakage.length - 1]['break'] = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return that;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    disrupt_stmt('break', function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return optional_label(this);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return optional_label(this);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (funct === global_funct) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            this.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                spaces();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                one_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.warn('wrap_regexp');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (this.first.assign) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                this.first.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        this.arity = 'statement';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        one_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    reserve('class');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Harmony reserved words
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    reserve('interface');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    reserve('package');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    reserve('private');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    reserve('static');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Parse JSON
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function json_value() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var brace = next_token, object = Object.create(null);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('{');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        next_token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        advance(',');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        next_token.warn('expected_string_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        next_token.warn('duplicate_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        next_token.warn('dangling_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    advance(':');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    json_value();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    advance(',');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('}', brace);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        function json_array() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var bracket = next_token;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('[');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        next_token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        advance(',');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    json_value();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    advance(',');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        token.warn('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance(']', bracket);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '{':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '[':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            json_array();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'true':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'false':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case 'null':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '(number)':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '(string)':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        case '-':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('-');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            no_space_only();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('(number)');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            next_token.stop('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// The actual JSLINT function itself.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var i, predef, tree;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            Object.create(syntax['(begin)']);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        predefined = Object.create(null);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        add_to_predefined(standard);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        property = Object.create(null);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            option = Object.create(the_option);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (Array.isArray(predef)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    add_to_predefined(predef);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            option = Object.create(null);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        option.maxerr = (option.maxerr !== undefined)? +option.maxerr : 50;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        global_scope = scope = Object.create(null);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        global_funct = funct = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            loopage: 0,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        block_var = [];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        comments_off = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        in_block = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        json_mode = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        lookahead = [];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        node_js = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        strict_mode = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var_mode = null;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        warnings = 0;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        assume();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                next_token.stop('unexpected_a');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '{':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                case '[':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    json_value();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// If the first token is a semicolon, ignore it. This is sometimes used when
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// files are intended to be appended to files that may be sloppy. A sloppy
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// file may be depending on semicolon insertion on its last line.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    tree = statements();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        prev_token.warn('weird_program');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            advance('(end)');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        } catch (e) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    reason    : e.message,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    character : (e.character !== undefined)? e.character : next_token.from
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    function unique(array) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        array = array.sort();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var i, length = 0, previous, value;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        for (i = 0; i < array.length; i += 1) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            value = array[i];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (value !== previous) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                array[length] = value;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                previous = value;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        array.length = length;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return array;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:// Data summary.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    itself.data = function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var data = {functions: []},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            function_data,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        data.errors = itself.errors;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        data.json = json_mode;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        data.global = unique(Object.keys(global_scope));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        function selects(name) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var kind = the_scope[name].kind;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case 'var':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case 'exception':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            case 'label':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                function_data[kind].push(name);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            function_data = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                name: the_function.name,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                parameter: the_function.parameter,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                'var': [],
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                global: unique(the_function.global),
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                label: []
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            for (var i = 0; i < the_scope.length; i++) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            function_data['var'].sort();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            function_data.exception.sort();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            function_data.label.sort();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            data.functions.push(function_data);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        data.tokens = tokens;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        return data;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    itself.error_report = function (data) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var evidence, i, output = [], warning;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (data.errors.length) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (data.json) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                output.push('<cite>JSON: bad.</cite><br>');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            for (i = 0; i < data.errors.length; i += 1) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                warning = data.errors[i];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (warning) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    evidence = warning.evidence || '';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    if (isFinite(warning.line)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        output.push('<address>line ' +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            String(warning.line) +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            ' character ' + String(warning.character) +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                            '</address>');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    output.push(warning.reason.entityify() + '</cite>');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    itself.report = function (data) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var dl, i, j, names, output = [], the_function;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        function detail(h, array) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            var comma_needed = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (array.length) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                for (var i = 0; i < array.length; i++) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    output.push((comma_needed ? ', ' : '') + array[i]);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    comma_needed = true;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        output.push('<dl class=level0>');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (data.global.length) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            detail('global', data.global);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        } else if (data.json) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            if (!data.errors.length) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            output.push("<dt><i>No new global variables introduced.</i></dt>");
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        if (data.functions) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            for (i = 0; i < data.functions.length; i += 1) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                the_function = data.functions[i];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                names = [];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (the_function.params) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    for (j = 0; j < the_function.params.length; j += 1) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                        names[j] = the_function.params[j].string;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                output.push('<dl class=level' + the_function.level +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    '><address>line ' + String(the_function.line) +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    '</address>' + the_function.name.entityify());
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                detail('parameter', the_function.parameter);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                detail('variable', the_function['var']);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                detail('exception', the_function.exception);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                detail('closure', the_function.closure);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                detail('outer', the_function.outer);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                detail('global', the_function.global);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                detail('label', the_function.label);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var i,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            name,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            not_first = false,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                name = ix.test(key)
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    : '\'' + key.replace(nx, sanitize) + '\'';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                if (mem.length + name.length >= 80) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                mem += name;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:    itself.color = function (data) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        var from,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            data_token = data.tokens[0];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:        while (data_token && data_token.id !== '(end)') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            from = data_token.from;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            line = data_token.line;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            thru = data_token.thru;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            level = data_token['function'].level;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                thru = data_token.thru;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                data_token = data.tokens[i];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:            } while (data_token && data_token.line === line &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    data_token.from - thru < 5 &&
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint.js:                    level === data_token['function'].level);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * Copyright (C) 2013 salesforce.com, inc.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * You may obtain a copy of the License at
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: *         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * limitations under the License.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * Maps java types to and from javascript types to run jslint in rhino
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * through the java.script APIs which do not offer access to the js object
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * implementations/factory methods that Rhino's API does.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * @param javaSourceLines A java array of Strings.  Each string represents a line of code.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * @param javaOptions A java map of options
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js: * @returns A java String[] of error messages or an empty array.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:var jslint2009Helper = function(javaSourceLines, allowDebugger, allowUnfilteredForIn){
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:    var jsSourceLines = [];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:    //Convert the java String[] into a javascript String[]
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:    for(var i=0;i<javaSourceLines.length;i++){
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:        jsSourceLines.push(new String(javaSourceLines[i]));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:    var jsOptions = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:                        laxbreak : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:                        newcap : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:                        debug : allowDebugger,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:                        forin : allowUnfilteredForIn
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:    var jsErrors = JSLINT.errors;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:    var javaErrors = new java.util.ArrayList();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:    for(var i=0;i<jsErrors.length;i++){
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:        var jsError = jsErrors[i];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:            var javaError = new java.util.HashMap();
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:            javaError.put("line", jsError.line + 1);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:            javaError.put("startColumn", jsError.character + 1);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:            javaError.put("message", jsError.reason);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:            javaError.put("evidence", new java.lang.String(jsError.evidence));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:            javaErrors.add(javaError);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009_helper.js:    return javaErrors;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js: * Copyright (C) 2013 salesforce.com, inc.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js: * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js: * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js: * You may obtain a copy of the License at
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js: *         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js: * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js: * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js: * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js: * limitations under the License.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:Copyright (c) 2002 Douglas Crockford  (www.JSLint.com)
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:this software and associated CODumentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:copies or substantial portions of the Software.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:The Software shall be used for Good, not Evil.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    JSLINT is a global function. It takes two parameters.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        var myResult = JSLINT(source, option);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    The first parameter is either a string or an array of strings. If it is a
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    string, it will be split on '\n' or '\r'. If it is an array of strings, it
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    is assumed that each string represents one line. The source can be a
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    JavaScript text, or HTML text, or a Konfabulator text.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    The second parameter is an optional object of options which control the
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    operation of JSLINT. Most of the options are booleans: They are all are
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    optional and have a default value of false.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    If it checks out, JSLINT returns true. Otherwise, it returns false.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    If false, you can inspect JSLINT.errors to find out the problems.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    JSLINT.errors is an array of objects containing these members:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        line      : The line (relative to 0) at which the lint was found
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        character : The character (relative to 0) at which the lint was found
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        reason    : The problem
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        raw       : The raw message before the details were inserted
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        a         : The first detail
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        b         : The second detail
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        c         : The third detail
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        d         : The fourth detail
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    If a fatal error was found, a null will be the last element of the
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    JSLINT.errors array.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    You can request a Function Report, which shows all of the functions
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    and the parameters and vars that they use. This can be used to find
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    implied global variables and other problems. The report is in HTML and
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    can be inserted in an HTML <body>.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        var myReport = JSLINT.report(limited);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    evil: true, nomen: false, onevar: false, regexp: false , strict: true
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "(breakage)", "(context)", "(error)", "(global)", "(identifier)",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "(line)", "(loopage)", "(name)", "(onevar)", "(params)", "(scope)",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "(verb)", "++", "--", "\/", ADSAFE, Array, Boolean, COM, Canvas,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    CustomAnimation, Date, Debug, E, Error, EvalError, FadeAnimation, Flash,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    FormField, Frame, Function, HotKey, Image, JSON, LN10, LN2, LOG10E,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    LOG2E, MAX_VALUE, MIN_VALUE, Math, MenuItem, MoveAnimation,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    RangeError, Rectangle, ReferenceError, RegExp, ResizeAnimation,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    RotateAnimation, SQRT1_2, SQRT2, ScrollBar, String, Style, SyntaxError,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    System, Text, TextArea, Timer, TypeError, URIError, URL, Web, Window,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    XMLDOM, XMLHttpRequest, "\\", a, abbr, acronym, active,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    addEventListener, address, adsafe, after, alert, aliceblue, animator,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    antiquewhite, appleScript, applet, apply, approved, aqua, aquamarine,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    area, arguments, arity, autocomplete, azure, b, background,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "background-attachment", "background-color", "background-image",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "background-position", "background-repeat", base, bdo, beep, before,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    beige, big, bisque, bitwise, black, blanchedalmond, block,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "border-collapse", "border-color", "border-left", "border-left-color",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "border-spacing", "border-style", "border-top", "border-top-color",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    brown, browser, burlywood, button, bytesToUIString, c, cadetblue, call,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    callee, caller, canvas, cap, caption, "caption-side", cases, center,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    charAt, charCodeAt, character, chartreuse, chocolate, chooseColor,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    chooseFile, chooseFolder, cite, clear, clearInterval, clearTimeout,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    convertPathToHFS, convertPathToPlatform, coral, cornflowerblue,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    cornsilk, "counter-increment", "counter-reset", create, crimson, css,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    cursor, cyan, d, darkblue, darkcyan, darkgoldenrod, darkgray, darkgreen,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    darkkhaki, darkmagenta, darkolivegreen, darkorange, darkorchid, darkred,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    darksalmon, darkseagreen, darkslateblue, darkslategray, darkturquoise,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    darkviolet, dd, debug, decodeURI, decodeURIComponent, deeppink,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    deepskyblue, defaultStatus, defineClass, del, deserialize, dfn, dimgray,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    dir, direction, display, div, dl, CODument, dodgerblue, dt, edition,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    entityify, eqeqeq, errors, escape, eval, event, evidence, evil, ex,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "first-letter", "first-line", float, floor, floralwhite, focus,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    focusWidget, font, "font-face", "font-family", "font-size",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "font-size-adjust", "font-stretch", "font-style", "font-variant",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "font-weight", forestgreen, forin, form, fragment, frame, frames,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    frameset, from, fromCharCode, fuchsia, fud, funct, function, g,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    gainsboro, gc, getComputedStyle, ghostwhite, gold, goldenrod, gray,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    green, greenyellow, h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6, hasOwnProperty, head,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    id, identifier, iframe, img, immed, import, in, include, indent,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    indexOf, indianred, indigo, init, input, ins, isAlpha,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    isApplicationRunning, isDigit, isFinite, isNaN, ivory, join, kbd, khaki,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    konfabulatorVersion, label, labelled, lang, lavender, lavenderblush,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    lawngreen, laxbreak, lbp, led, left, legend, lemonchiffon, length,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "letter-spacing", li, lib, lightblue, lightcoral, lightcyan,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    lightgoldenrodyellow, lightgreen, lightpink, lightsalmon, lightseagreen,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    lightskyblue, lightslategray, lightsteelblue, lightyellow, lime,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "list-style-image", "list-style-position", "list-style-type", load,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    loadClass, location, log, m, magenta, map, margin, "margin-bottom",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "margin-left", "margin-right", "margin-top", "marker-offset", maroon,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    match, "max-height", "max-width", md5, media, mediumaquamarine,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    mediumblue, mediumorchid, mediumpurple, mediumseagreen, mediumslateblue,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    mediumspringgreen, mediumturquoise, mediumvioletred, menu, message,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    meta, midnightblue, "min-height", "min-width", mintcream, mistyrose, mm,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    moccasin, moveBy, moveTo, name, navajowhite, navigator, navy, new,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    newcap, noframes, nomen, noscript, nud, object, ol, oldlace, olive,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    olivedrab, on, onblur, onerror, onevar, onfocus, onload, onresize,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    onunload, opacity, open, openURL, opener, opera, optgroup, option,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    orange, orangered, orchid, outer, outline, "outline-color",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "outline-style", "outline-width", overflow, p, padding,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "padding-bottom", "padding-left", "padding-right", "padding-top", page,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    palegoldenrod, palegreen, paleturquoise, palevioletred, papayawhip,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    param, parent, parseFloat, parseInt, passfail, pc, peachpuff, peru,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    pink, play, plum, plusplus, pop, popupMenu, position, powderblue, pre,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    purple, push, px, q, quit, quotes, random, range, raw, reach, readFile,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    readUrl, reason, red, regexp, reloadWidget, replace, report, reserved,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    resizeBy, resizeTo, resolvePath, resumeUpdates, rhino, right, rosybrown,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    royalblue, runCommand, runCommandInBg, saddlebrown, safe, salmon, samp,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    sandybrown, saveAs, savePreferences, screen, script, scroll, scrollBy,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    scrollTo, seagreen, seal, search, seashell, select, serialize,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    setInterval, setTimeout, shift, showWidgetPreferences, sidebar, sienna,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    silver, skyblue, slateblue, slategray, sleep, slice, small, snow, sort,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    span, spawn, speak, split, springgreen, src, status, steelblue, strict,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    strong, style, styleproperty, sub, substr, sup, supplant,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    suppressUpdates, sync, system, table, "table-layout", tan, tbody, td,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    teal, tellWidget, test, "text-align", "text-decoration", "text-indent",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    "text-shadow", "text-transform", textarea, tfoot, th, thead, thistle,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    title, toLowerCase, toString, toUpperCase, toint32, token, tomato, top,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    tr, tt, turquoise, type, u, ul, undef, unescape, "unicode-bidi",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    unwatch, updateNow, value, valueOf, var, version, "vertical-align",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    violet, visibility, visited, watch, wheat, white, "white-space",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    whitesmoke, widget, width, "word-spacing", yahooCheckLogin, yahooLogin,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    yahooLogout, yellow, yellowgreen, "z-index"
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// We build the application inside a function so that we produce only a single
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// global variable. The function will be invoked, its return value is the JSLINT
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// application itself.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:var JSLINT = (function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    var adsafe_id,      // The widget's ADsafe id.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        adsafe_may,     // The widget may load approved scripts.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        adsafe_went,    // ADSAFE.go has been called.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        anonname,       // The guessed name for anonymous functions.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        approved,       // ADsafe approved urls.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        atrule = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            media      : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            'font-face': true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            page       : true
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// These are members that should not be permitted in the safe subset.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        banned = {              // the member names that ADsafe prohibits.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            'arguments'     : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            callee          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            caller          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            'eval'          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            unwatch         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            valueOf         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            watch           : true
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// These are the JSLint boolean options.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            adsafe     : true, // if ADsafe should be enforced
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            bitwise    : true, // if bitwise operators should not be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            browser    : true, // if the standard browser globals should be predefined
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            cap        : true, // if upper case HTML should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            css        : true, // if CSS workarounds should be tolerated
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            debug      : true, // if debugger statements should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            evil       : true, // if eval should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            forin      : true, // if for in statements must filter
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            fragment   : true, // if HTML fragments should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            immed      : true, // if immediate invocations must be wrapped in parens
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            laxbreak   : true, // if line breaks should not be checked
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            newcap     : true, // if constructor names must be capitalized
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            nomen      : true, // if names should be checked
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            on         : true, // if HTML event handlers should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            onevar     : true, // if only one var statement per function should be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            passfail   : true, // if the scan should stop on first error
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            plusplus   : true, // if increment/decrement should not be allowed
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            regexp     : true, // if the . should not be allowed in regexp literals
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            rhino      : true, // if the Rhino environment globals should be predefined
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            undef      : true, // if variables should be declared before used
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            safe       : true, // if use of some browser features should be restricted
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            sidebar    : true, // if the System object should be predefined
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            strict     : true, // require the "use strict"; pragma
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            sub        : true, // if all forms of subscript notation are tolerated
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            white      : true, // if strict whitespace rules apply
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            widget     : true  // if the Yahoo Widgets globals should be predefined
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// browser contains a set of global names which are commonly provided by a
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            addEventListener: true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            alert           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            clearInterval   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            clearTimeout    : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            defaultStatus   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            frames          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            Image           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            location        : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            name            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            navigator       : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            onload          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            onunload        : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            opera           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            parent          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            setInterval     : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            status          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        cssAttributeData,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        cssColorData = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "aliceblue"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "antiquewhite"          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "aqua"                  : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "aquamarine"            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "azure"                 : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "black"                 : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "blanchedalmond"        : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "cadetblue"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "chartreuse"            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "chocolate"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "coral"                 : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "cyan"                  : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkblue"              : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkcyan"              : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkgoldenrod"         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkgray"              : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkgreen"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkkhaki"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkmagenta"           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkolivegreen"        : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkorange"            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkorchid"            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkred"               : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darksalmon"            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkseagreen"          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkslateblue"         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkslategray"         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkturquoise"         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "darkviolet"            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "dimgray"               : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "floralwhite"           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "fuchsia"               : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "gainsboro"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "gray"                  : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "indianred"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "khaki"                 : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "lavender"              : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "lavenderblush"         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "lawngreen"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "lightcoral"            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "lightcyan"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "lightsalmon"           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "lightseagreen"         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "lightslategray"        : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "magenta"               : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "maroon"                : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "mediumaquamarine"      : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "mediumseagreen"        : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "mediumslateblue"       : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "mintcream"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "moccasin"              : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "navajowhite"           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "navy"                  : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "oldlace"               : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "olivedrab"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "orange"                : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "orangered"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "palegoldenrod"         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "palegreen"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "paleturquoise"         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "palevioletred"         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "papayawhip"            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "peachpuff"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "royalblue"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "saddlebrown"           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "salmon"                : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "sandybrown"            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "seagreen"              : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "seashell"              : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "sienna"                : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "slateblue"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "slategray"             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "tan"                   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "teal"                  : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "tomato"                : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            "wheat"                 : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        cssLengthData = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        escapes = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        global,         // The global scope
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        htmltag = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            a:        {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            abbr:     {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            acronym:  {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            address:  {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            applet:   {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            area:     {empty: true, parent: ' map '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            base:     {empty: true, parent: ' head '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            body:     {parent: ' html noframes '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            canvas:   {parent: ' body p div th td '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            caption:  {parent: ' table '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            col:      {empty: true, parent: ' table colgroup '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            colgroup: {parent: ' table '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            dd:       {parent: ' dl '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            dt:       {parent: ' dl '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            frame:    {empty: true, parent: ' frameset '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            frameset: {parent: ' html frameset '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            head:     {parent: ' html '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            html:     {parent: '*'},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            iframe:   {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            label:    {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            legend:   {parent: ' fieldset '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            li:       {parent: ' dir menu ol ul '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            link:     {empty: true, parent: ' head '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            map:      {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            meta:     {empty: true, parent: ' head noframes noscript '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            noframes: {parent: ' html body '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            noscript: {parent: ' body head noframes '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            optgroup: {parent: ' select '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            option:   {parent: ' optgroup select '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            param:    {empty: true, parent: ' applet object '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            samp:     {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            script:   {empty: true, parent: ' body div frame head iframe p pre span '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            small:    {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            span:     {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            style:    {parent: ' head ', empty: true},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            table:    {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            tbody:    {parent: ' table '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            td:       {parent: ' tr '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            textarea: {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            tfoot:    {parent: ' table '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            th:       {parent: ' tr '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            thead:    {parent: ' table '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            title:    {parent: ' head '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            tr:       {parent: ' table tbody thead tfoot '},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            'var':    {}
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        implied,        // Implied globals
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        lookahead,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        noreach,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        predefined,     // Global variables defined by option
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            active       : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            lang         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            after        : true
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            defineClass : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            deserialize : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            load        : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            loadClass   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            readFile    : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            readUrl     : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            runCommand  : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            seal        : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            serialize   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            spawn       : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        sidebar = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        stack,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// standard contains the global names that are provided by the
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// ECMAScript standard.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        standard = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            Array               : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            Boolean             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            Date                : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            'eval'              : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            EvalError           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            isNaN               : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            Math                : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            parseInt            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            parseFloat          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            RangeError          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            SyntaxError         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        standard_member = {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        syntax = {},
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        tab,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        warnings,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// widget contains the global names which are provided to a Yahoo
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// (fna Konfabulator) widget.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            alert                   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            animator                : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            appleScript             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            Canvas                  : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            convertPathToHFS        : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            convertPathToPlatform   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            CustomAnimation         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            escape                  : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            FadeAnimation           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            Flash                   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            Frame                   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            Image                   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            isApplicationRunning    : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            konfabulatorVersion     : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            MoveAnimation           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            play                    : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            random                  : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            Rectangle               : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            reloadWidget            : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            ResizeAnimation         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            resolvePath             : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            resumeUpdates           : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            RotateAnimation         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            runCommand              : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            runCommandInBg          : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            saveAs                  : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            savePreferences         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            ScrollBar               : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            speak                   : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            suppressUpdates         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            TextArea                : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            unescape                : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            updateNow               : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            yahooCheckLogin         : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            yahooLogin              : true,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            yahooLogout             : true
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js://  xmode is used to adapt to the exceptions in html parsing.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js://  It can have these states:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js://      false   .js script file
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// unsafe comment or string
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        ax = /@cc|<\/?|script|\]*s\]|<\s*!|&lt/i,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// unsafe characters that are silently deleted by one or more browsers
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        cx = /[\u0000-\u001f\u007f-\u009f\u00ad\u0600-\u0604\u070f\u17b4\u17b5\u200c-\u200f\u2028-\u202f\u2060-\u206f\ufeff\ufff0-\uffff]/,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        tx = /^\s*([(){}\[.,:;'"~\?\]#@]|==?=?|\/(\*(global|extern|jslint|member|members)?|=|\/)?|\*[\/=]?|\+[+=]?|-[\-=]?|%=?|&[&=]?|\|[|=]?|>>?>?=?|<([\/=!]|\!(\[|--)?|<=?)?|\^=?|\!=?=?|[a-zA-Z_$][a-zA-Z0-9_$]*|[0-9]+([xX][0-9a-fA-F]+|\.[0-9]*)?([eE][+\-]?[0-9]+)?)/,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        hx = /^\s*(['"=>\/&#]|<(?:\/|\!(?:--)?)?|[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9_\-]*|[0-9]+|--|.)/,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// characters in strings that need escapement
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        nx = /[\u0000-\u001f&<"\/\\\u007f-\u009f\u00ad\u0600-\u0604\u070f\u17b4\u17b5\u200c-\u200f\u2028-\u202f\u2060-\u206f\ufeff\ufff0-\uffff]/,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        nxg = /[\u0000-\u001f&<"\/\\\u007f-\u009f\u00ad\u0600-\u0604\u070f\u17b4\u17b5\u200c-\u200f\u2028-\u202f\u2060-\u206f\ufeff\ufff0-\uffff]/g,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// star slash
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        ix = /^([a-zA-Z_$][a-zA-Z0-9_$]*)$/,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// javascript url
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        jx = /^(?:javascript|jscript|ecmascript|vbscript|mocha|livescript)\s*:/i,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// url badness
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        ux = /&|\+|\u00AD|\.\.|\/\*|%[^;]|base64|url|expression|data|mailto/i,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        sx = /^\s*([{:#*%.=,>+\[\]@()"';*]|[a-zA-Z0-9_][a-zA-Z0-9_\-]*|<\/|\/\*)/,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        ssx = /^\s*([@#!"'};:\-%.=,+\[\]()*_]|[a-zA-Z][a-zA-Z0-9._\-]*|\/\*?|\d+(?:\.\d+)?|<\/)/,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// attributes characters
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        qx = /[^a-zA-Z0-9-_\/ ]/,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// query characters for ids
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    if (typeof Object.create !== 'function') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        Object.create = function (o) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        var n;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            if (o.hasOwnProperty(n)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            replace(/&/g, '&amp;').
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            replace(/</g, '&lt;').
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            replace(/>/g, '&gt;');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    String.prototype.isAlpha = function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        return (this >= 'a' && this <= 'z\uffff') ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    String.prototype.supplant = function (o) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        return this.replace(/\{([^{}]*)\}/g, function (a, b) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            var r = o[b];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            return typeof r === 'string' || typeof r === 'number' ? r : a;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    String.prototype.name = function () {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// If the string looks like an identifier, then we can return it as is.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// If the string contains no control characters, no quote characters, and no
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// backslash characters, then we can simply slap some quotes around it.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// Otherwise we must also replace the offending characters with safe
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            return '"' + this.replace(nxg, function (a) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                var c = escapes[a];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                return '\\u' + ('0000' + a.charCodeAt().toString(16)).slice(-4);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    function assume() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        if (!option.safe) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            if (option.browser || option.sidebar) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            if (option.sidebar) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                combine(predefined, sidebar);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// Produce an error warning.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            name: 'JSLintError',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            character: ch,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            message: m + " (" + Math.floor((l / lines.length) * 100) +
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    "% scanned)."
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    function warning(m, t, a, b, c, d) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        var ch, l, w;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            raw: m,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            character: ch,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            a: a,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        w.reason = m.supplant(w);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        if (option.passfail) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        warnings += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        if (warnings === 50) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            quit("Too many errors.", l, ch);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    function warningAt(m, l, ch, a, b, c, d) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        return warning(m, {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        }, a, b, c, d);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    function error(m, t, a, b, c, d) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        var w = warning(m, t, a, b, c, d);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        quit("Stopping, unable to continue.", w.line, w.character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    function errorAt(m, l, ch, a, b, c, d) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        }, a, b, c, d);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// lexical analysis
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    var lex = (function lex() {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        var character, from, line, s;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// Private lex methods
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            var at;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                return false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            character = 0;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            s = lines[line].replace(/\t/g, tab);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            at = s.search(cx);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            if (at >= 0) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                warningAt("Unsafe character.", line, at);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// Produce a token object.  The token inherits from a syntax symbol.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        function it(type, value) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            var i, t;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            } else if (type === '(punctuator)' ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    (type === '(identifier)' && syntax.hasOwnProperty(value))) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                t = syntax[value] || syntax['(error)'];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                t = syntax[type];
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            t = Object.create(t);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            if (type === '(string)' || type === '(range)') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                if (jx.test(value)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    warningAt("Script URL.", line, from);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                if (option.nomen && value.charAt(0) === '_') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    warningAt("Unexpected '_' in '{a}'.", line, from, value);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            t.value = value;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            t.character = character;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        (('(,=:[!&|?{};'.indexOf(i.charAt(i.length - 1)) >= 0) ||
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        replace(/\r\n/g, '\n').
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        replace(/\r/g, '\n').
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:            range: function (begin, end) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                var c, value = '';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                from = character;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                if (s.charAt(0) !== begin) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    errorAt("Expected '{a}' and instead saw '{b}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            line, character, begin, s.charAt(0));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    character += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    c = s.charAt(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    case '':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        errorAt("Missing '{a}'.", line, character, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    case end:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        character += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        return it('(range)', value);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    case xquote:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    case '\\':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    case '\'':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    case '"':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        warningAt("Unexpected '{a}'.", line, character, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    value += c;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:// token -- this is called by advance to get the next token.
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                var b, c, captures, d, depth, high, i, l, low, q, t;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                function match(x) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    var r = x.exec(s), r1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        c = r1.charAt(0);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        character += l;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        from = character - r1.length;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    var c, j, r = '';
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        warningAt("Strings must use doublequote.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        return it('(punctuator)', x);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        var i = parseInt(s.substr(j + 1, n), 16);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            warningAt("Unnecessary escapement.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        character += n;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        c = String.fromCharCode(i);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        c = s.charAt(j);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            character += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            warningAt("Control character in string: {a}.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    line, character + j, s.slice(0, j));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            warningAt("Bad HTML string", line, character + j);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            if (option.safe && xmode === 'html') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                warningAt("ADsafe string violation.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        line, character + j);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            } else if (s.charAt(j + 1) === '/' && (xmode || option.safe)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                warningAt("Expected '<\\/' and instead saw '</'.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            } else if (s.charAt(j + 1) === '!' && (xmode || option.safe)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                warningAt("Unexpected '<!' in a string.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                if (option.safe) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    warningAt("ADsafe string violation.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            line, character + j);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                character += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                c = s.charAt(j);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    warningAt("Escapement in style string.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            line, character + j);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                character += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                c = s.charAt(j);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case xquote:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    warningAt("Bad HTML string", line,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        character + j);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case '\\':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case '\'':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case '"':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case '/':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case 'b':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case 'f':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case 'n':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case 'r':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case 't':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case 'u':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case 'v':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                case 'x':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        warningAt("Avoid \\x-.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    warningAt("Bad escapement.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        character += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        i = s.search(ox);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            character += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                    t = match(rx[xmode] || tx);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            return it('(error)', s.charAt(0));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                errorAt("Unexpected '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        line, character, s.substr(0, 1));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        if (c.isAlpha() || c === '_' || c === '$') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                warningAt("Bad number '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    line, character, t);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            if (xmode !== 'styleproperty' && s.substr(0, 1).isAlpha()) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                warningAt("Missing space after '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        line, character, t);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        warningAt("Don't use extra leading zeros '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            line, character, t);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    warningAt("Avoid 0x-. '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            line, character, t);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                warningAt(
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:        "A trailing decimal point can be confused with a dot '{a}'.",
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        line, character, t);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case '"':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case "'":
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case '//':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                warningAt("Unexpected comment.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                warningAt("Unexpected <\/ in comment.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            } else if ((option.safe || xmode === 'script') && ax.test(s)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                warningAt("Dangerous comment.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case '/*':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                warningAt("Unexpected comment.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            if (option.safe && ax.test(s)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                warningAt("ADsafe comment violation.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                i = s.search(lx);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    errorAt("Unclosed comment.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    if (option.safe && ax.test(s)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        warningAt("ADsafe comment violation.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            character += i + 2;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                errorAt("Nested comment.", line, character);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    //      /*global /*extern /*members /*jslint */
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case '/*global':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case '/*extern':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case '/*members':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case '/*member':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case '/*jslint':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case '*/':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                value: t,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                type: 'special',
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                character: character,
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case '':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                        case '/':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                captures = 0;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    c = s.charAt(l);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        errorAt("Unclosed regular expression.", line, from);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '/':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            warningAt("Unescaped '{a}'.", line, from + l, '/');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        while (q[s.charAt(l)] === true) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            q[s.charAt(l)] = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        character += l;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '\\':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        c = s.charAt(l);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            warningAt("Unexpected control character in regular expression.", line, from + l);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            warningAt("Unexpected escaped character '{a}' in regular expression.", line, from + l, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '(':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        b = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        if (s.charAt(l) === '?') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            switch (s.charAt(l)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            case ':':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            case '=':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            case '!':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                warningAt("Expected '{a}' and instead saw '{b}'.", line, from + l, ':', s.charAt(l));
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            captures += 1;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case ')':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            warningAt("Unescaped '{a}'.", line, from + l, ')');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case ' ':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        while (s.charAt(l) === ' ') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            warningAt("Spaces are hard to count. Use {{a}}.", line, from + l, q);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '[':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        if (s.charAt(l) === '^') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        q = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:    klass:                              do {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            c = s.charAt(l);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            case '[':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            case '^':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                warningAt("Unescaped '{a}'.", line, from + l, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            case '-':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                    q = false;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                    warningAt("Unescaped '{a}'.", line, from + l, '-');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            case ']':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                    warningAt("Unescaped '{a}'.", line, from + l - 1, '-');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                break klass;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            case '\\':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                c = s.charAt(l);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                    warningAt("Unexpected control character in regular expression.", line, from + l);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                    warningAt("Unexpected escaped character '{a}' in regular expression.", line, from + l, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            case '/':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                warningAt("Unescaped '{a}'.", line, from + l - 1, '/');
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            case '<':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                    c = s.charAt(l);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                        warningAt("HTML confusion in regular expression '<{a}'.", line, from + l, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            default:
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '.':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            warningAt("Unexpected '{a}'.", line, from + l, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case ']':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '?':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '{':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '}':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '+':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '*':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        warningAt("Unescaped '{a}'.", line, from + l, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                    case '<':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            c = s.charAt(l);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                warningAt("HTML confusion in regular expression '<{a}'.", line, from + l, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        switch (s.charAt(l)) {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        case '?':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        case '+':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        case '*':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            if (s.charAt(l) === '?') {
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                        case '{':
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                            c = s.charAt(l);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                warningAt("Expected a number and instead saw '{a}'.", line, from + l, c);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                c = s.charAt(l);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                    break;
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                c = s.charAt(l);
ruau/ruau-util/src/main/resources/org/ruauframework/util/javascript/jslint2009.js:                                                        c = s.charAt(l);
